rfc: Ember Learn | Add Ember cookbook (#786)
emberjs/rfcs: text/0786-ember-cookbook.md

Monitoring stack overflow and other forums to come up with most-asked questions
Work closely with the Ember Core team on upgrades to add, modify or delete information from Ember Guides. 

###Launch strategy
The cookbook articles will be drafted in markdown format. Once there is a critical mass of 5 articles, they can be published. The cookbook will be hosted at cookbook.emberjs.com
The cookbook will use Guidemaker, similar to cli.emberjs.com
We will mention it in the Ember Newsletter.
To Evangelize it further, we can share the links on social media and as answers to stackoverflow questions. 

### Versioning
We can show a single version of the recipe and have a “last updated at” and a field that shows the range of versions that it is applicable to. This would make it easier to maintain. 

What kinds of content belong in the Cookbook?
One challenge for the cookbook is determining where content belongs.

Today, Ember has the following key learning resources:
The Super Rentals Tutorial
The Ember Guides
The CLI Guides
The API docs
Community-maintained learning resources like blogs, videos, and livestreams

> We know that something may belong in the cookbook if we answer yes to the following questions:

Reviewer: I would prefer to have a more defined set of criteria. It would be great if that criteria define a finite set, which we could use as a target and to measure progress. That also helps us to evaluate the maintenance work and prevent a biased collection of patterns present in the cookbook.

The challenge to define clear boundaries for what should be in and out of scope, is one of my main concerns with cookbook style of documentation to be honest.

> The concept can be explained in an article that would take less than TODO mins to read
> The concept is not already shown in the Super Rentals tutorial
> The article helps show how to put together multiple Ember features to achieve a goal.
> The article is trying to demonstrate a pattern, not teach a concept. For example, if we are showing how to use a model hook to accomplish something, we are not explaining what a model hook is.
> [It is narrowly tailored to solve a single problem](https://guides.emberjs.com/v1.12.0/cookbook/contributing/deciding_if_a_recipe_is_a_good_fit/#toc_solution)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The concept can be explained in an article that would take less than 10 mins to read
- The concept is not already shown in the Super Rentals tutorial
- The article helps show how to put together multiple Ember features to achieve a goal.
- The article is trying to demonstrate a pattern, not teach a concept. For example, if we are showing how to use a model hook to accomplish something, we are not explaining what a model hook is.
- [It is narrowly tailored to solve a single problem](https://guides.emberjs.com/v1.12.0/cookbook/contributing/deciding_if_a_recipe_is_a_good_fit/#toc_solution)
- It shows how to solve a problem that Ember apps may commonly face. For example, managing a dropdown menu or creating a form are common. Integrating WebRTC is not.
- The article goal can be accomplished without installing new addons, with the exception of addons mentioned in the Guides.
```

Here is a suggestion for some tighter criteria.

Removal of recipes
If a topic becomes obsolete for any reason, we could add a warning at the top. An archived section for outdated things would help with this. This way the links stay forever but hidden in a section. This way it will serve as an example of which pattern is deprecated.

## Drawbacks

> We will need to maintain the cookbooks as we have major Ember version upgrades. 

Reviewer 3: > To be honest I'm mostly concerned if enough bandwidth is available to keep additional content up-to-date - especially when we ship a new edition, which requires major rework of all parts of our documentation.

While this is a risk, the alternative risk is *not having the content at all*, which has its own set of problems. Literally anything we do to try to address problems in the learning space has this risk; we shouldn’t let that prevent us from solving those problems.

> We will need to maintain the cookbooks as we have major Ember version upgrades. 

Reviewer 4: While maintenance bandwidth is a constant worry, this proposal is already framed in a way to lessen the impact of outdated content:

- It is hosted outside of the Guides. This avoids the issue with the previous cookbook (as well as other sections currently in the Guides) that the content needs to be versioned per minor release.
- The recipe should contain the version range it applies to:
> We can show a single version of the recipe and have a “last updated at”

And if time has taught me anything, is that things find a way to work out, or they don't and it's fine!

@chriskrycho that's a false binary :P There are many alternatives! Happy to discuss elsewhere to not derail the conversation.
